[Osquery] Add docs for Osquery API (#137162)
elastic/kibana: docs/api/osquery-manager/saved-queries/create.asciidoc

[[osquery-manager-saved-queries-api-create]]
=== Create saved query API
++++
<titleabbrev>Create saved query</titleabbrev>
++++

experimental[] Create saved queries.

[[osquery-manager-saved-queries-api-create-request]]
==== Request

`POST <kibana host>:<port>/api/osquery/saved_queries`

`POST <kibana host>:<port>/s/<space_id>/api/osquery/saved_queries`

[[osquery-manager-saved-queries-api-create-path-params]]
==== Path parameters

`space_id`::

>   (Optional, string) An identifier for the space. If `space_id` is not provided in the URL, the default space is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (Optional, string) The space identifier. When `space_id` is not provided in the URL, the default space is used.
```

[[osquery-manager-saved-queries-api-create-body-params]]
==== Request body

> `id`:: (Required, string) The name of the saved query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`id`:: (Required, string) The saved query name.
```

> `description`:: (Optional, string) A description of the saved query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`description`:: (Optional, string) The saved query description.
```

> `platform`:: (Optional, string) Restrict this query to a given platform, default is 'all' platforms; you may use commas to set multiple platforms (e.g. 'linux,darwin').

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`platform`:: (Optional, string) Restricts the query to a specified platform. The default is 'all' platforms. To specify multiple platforms, use commas. For example, 'linux,darwin'.
```

> `query`:: (Required, string) The SQL query to run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`query`:: (Required, string) The SQL query you want to run.
```

> `version`:: (Optional, string) Only run on osquery versions greater than or equal-to this version string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`version`:: (Optional, string) Uses the Osquery versions greater than or equal to the specified version string.
```

> `internal`:: (Optional, string) An interval in seconds to run the query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`internal`:: (Optional, string) An interval, in seconds, to run the query.
```
